[#251] Reorganize readme (#253)
serokell/tezos-packaging: docs/systemd.md

<!--
   - SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 TQ Tezos <https://tqtezos.com/>
   -
   - SPDX-License-Identifier: LicenseRef-MIT-TQ
   -->
# Systemd units with Tezos binaries

<a name="ubuntu-and-fedora"></a>
## Systemd units on Ubuntu and Fedora

`tezos-node`, `tezos-accuser-<proto>`, `tezos-baker-<proto>`,
`tezos-endorser-<proto>`, and `tezos-signer` packages have systemd files included to the
Ubuntu and Fedora packages.

> Once you've installed the packages with systemd unit, you can run the service
> with the binary from the package using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've installed one of these packages, you can run the service
using the following command:
```
Seems a bit redundant otherwise

```
systemctl start <package-name>.service
```
To stop the service run:
```
systemctl stop <package-name>.service
```

> Each service has configuration file located in `/etc/default`. Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each service has its configuration file located in `/etc/default`. Default
```

configurations can be found [here](../docker/package/defaults/).

Files created by the services will be located in `/var/lib/tezos/` by default.
`tezos-{accuser, baker, endorser}-<protocol>` services can have configurable
data directory.

`tezos-{accuser, endorser}` have configurable node address, so that they can be used with both
remote and local node.

<a name="generic-linux"></a>
## Systemd units on other Linux systems

If you're not using Ubuntu or Fedora you can still construct systemd units for binaries
from scratch.

> For this you'll need `.service` file to define systemd service. The easiest way
> to get one is to run [`gen_systemd_service_file.py`](../gen_systemd_service_file.py).
> You should specify service name as an argument. Note that there are three
> predefined services for `tezos-node`: `tezos-node-{mainnet, florencenet, granadanet}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this you'll need a `.service` file to define each systemd service.
The easiest way to get one is to run [`gen_systemd_service_file.py`](../gen_systemd_service_file.py).
You should specify the service name as an argument. Note that there are three
predefined services for `tezos-node`: `tezos-node-{mainnet, florencenet, granadanet}`.
```

E.g.:
```
./gen_systemd_service_file.py tezos-node-mainnet
# or
./gen_systemd_service_file.py tezos-baker-010-PtGRANAD
```

> After that you'll have `.service` file in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that you'll have a `.service` file in the current directory.
```

> Apart from `.service` file you'll need service startup script and default configuration
> file, they can be found in [`scripts`](../docker/package/scripts) and
> [`defaults`](../docker/package/defaults) folders respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the `.service` file you'll need the service startup script and default
configuration file, they can be found in the [`scripts`](../docker/package/scripts) and
[`defaults`](../docker/package/defaults) folders respectively.
```

## Multiple similar systemd services

> It's possible to run multiple same services, e.g. two `tezos-node`s that run different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to run multiple similar services, e.g. two `tezos-node`s that run different
```
